to ever shed tears for his仔
Those who spend my life
living a dying life
I'd rather be in the past
It doesn't matter
Was it a gloomy night?
The supports pisied us
They said good-bye
With a kiss
she drawings a DevOps
at a child's rescue just before her birth.
But once when she's alive
she knew that two mothers
had taken treatment for her,
her future portion was shamed.
So with your coaching officer's tea ...
that you should sparkling
Ah-man!
It's scary.
BTS's MAMIU is oil paint.
He's 별로 scared.
Got Mounta, got Tre- poor installed.
They got the thousand dollar bill.
M careful.
Oh, Okon-san, I've been asking you for a while.
I'm not going to tell you now, but I've been asking you for a while.
You're not a good customer.
And you're a very kind person.
You're very kind.
Okon-san, don't make me angry.